
# Welcome to your CDK project!

**This project demonstrates a serverless application using AWS CDK, AWS Lambda, API Gateway, DynamoDB, and Cognito for authentication.**

## Setup

### Prerequisites

- [AWS CLI](https://aws.amazon.com/cli/)
- [AWS CDK](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cdk/latest/guide/getting_started.html)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- [Curl](https://curl.se/)

## Useful commands

 * `cdk ls`          list all stacks in the app
 * `cdk synth`       emits the synthesized CloudFormation template
 * `cdk deploy`      deploy this stack to your default AWS account/region
 * `cdk diff`        compare deployed stack with current state
 * `cdk docs`        open CDK documentation

The lambda handler function has a logic to store HelloWorld message in dynamodb when it is invoked by api gateway.

Update the cdk stack file, with the necessary resources like api gateway, lambda, dynamodb and cognito.

Use **cdk deploy** to deploy the stack.

Check if the resources have been created in the AWS console.

To invoke the Lambda function via API Gateway, you can use tools like Curl:

`curl -X POST your-invoke-url`

If API Gateway is linked with Cognito for authentication, include the auth token:

 `curl -X POST your-apigateway-invoke-url -H "Authorization: auth-token"`

**Frontend Web Page**

The frontend folder contains a web page for the app with a button. When the button is clicked, data will be stored in DynamoDB.

To use the web page:

   Open the frontend/Hello_world.html file in a web browser.

   Click the button to interact with the Lambda function, which will store data in DynamoDB.

**Cognito Authentication**

Additionally, there is a my_app_login.html file deployed on AWS S3. When you enter the URL, click on "Login with Cognito."
You will be redirected to a login page where you must enter Cognito user pool credentials to access the app.


Make sure to replace placeholders like`your-apigateway-invoke-url`, `api-client-id` , `redirect url` etc with the actual URLs generated by AWS during the deployment.

    
    






